Reword and add uniformity to Standard Library documentation (#4464)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/stdlib/math.rst

    :index: absolute

>     Returns the absolute value of ``x``:

Reviewer: Revert for presentation consistency

    :index: round

>     Returns the given value rounded up to its nearest integer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Returns the given value rounded up to the nearest integer.
```

>     Returns a numerical value of ``x`` rounded up to its nearest integer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns a given numeric value rounded up to its nearest integer.
```
To avoid parameter reference in one-liner and remove colon.

    :index: round

>     Returns the given value rounded down to its nearest integer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Returns the given value rounded down to the nearest integer.
```

>     Returns a numerical value with ``x`` rounded down to its nearest integer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns the given numeric value rounded down to its nearest integer.
```

    :index: logarithm

>     Returns the natural logarithm of ``x``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns the natural logarithm of the given value.
```

    :index: logarithm

>     Returns the Base 10 logarithm of ``x``:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Returns the base-10 logarithm of ``x``:
```

capitalizing Base isn't standard - I think hyphenation is most common: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Decimal

Author: Base 10 is referenced without a hyphen as far as I can tell, but the capital letter may be unnecessary.

Reviewer 4: It shouldn't be capitalized and it should probably be hyphenated. (https://docs.python.org/3/library/math.html#math.log10, for an example)

The general rule here (which is not universally followed) is that a multi-word phrase gets hyphenated when it is being used as an adjective. So you would write "base-10 logarithm" but "logarithm using base 10".

This does technically mean that you ought to hyphenate "peanut-butter-and-jelly sandwich" but few would take it that far.

Author: "Logarithm of base 10 from `x`" may be the simplest way to word this

Reviewer 4: I'd stick with base-10 logarithm

>     Returns the base-10 logarithm of ``x``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns the base-10 logarithm of the given value:
```

    :index: logarithm

>     Returns the logarithm of ``x`` by the specified ``base``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns the logarithm of the given value to the specified base.
```

>     Returns the logarithm of the given value to the specified base.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Returns the logarithm of the given value in the specified base.
```

    :index: average avg

>     Returns the arithmetic average/mean value of ``x``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns the arithmetic mean (i.e., average) of the input set.
```

I like the idea of adding "average" as a synonym for "arithmetic mean," but I've rephrased it to be clear that's what we're doing. Also reverted to "input set" since that is what this function operates on.

>     Returns the arithmetic mean (i.e., average) of the input set.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Returns the arithmetic mean of the input set.
```
There are different notions of "average": mean, median and mode. This function is specifically the mean. If additional clarification referring to "average" is neccessary, it should be in the main body of the description.

    :index: average

>     Returns the sample standard deviation of ``x``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns the sample standard deviation of the input set.
```

    :index: average

>     Returns the population standard deviation of ``x``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns the population standard deviation of the input set.
```

    :index: average

>     Returns the sample variance of ``x``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns the sample variance of the input set.
```

    :index: average

>     Returns the population variance of ``x``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns the population variance of the input set.
```
